README.md, before:

# BUCKET

## Description

Cool new social media platform for saring experiences and whatnot.

## License

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red">
  
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
  
For more information on this license, please visit [their website](https://www.mit.edu/~amini/LICENSE.md).
  
  
## Table of Contents
  
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Development](#development)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Questions](#questions)
  
## Installation
  
While BUCKET is available as a deployed app, you can also clone down the code to use it on your own local host. Please make sure you have Node.js installed to run `npm init` and `npm i` to install necessary dependencies. Make sure to add in your own .env file with your own MySQL login information. From there, run `npm start` from your terminal to start up the server and database.
  
## Usage
  
The deployed version of the page is supported on [Heroku](https://aspirational-bucket.herokuapp.com/). Sign up and start sharing your goals with other dreamers!

## Development

BUCKET is the submission for the second major project of the Columbia Engineering Coding Bootcamp from the summer of 2021. It is a full-stack application folding in concepts from all previous units; from front-end development and design, to MySQL and database handling, to express-session and authentication. The final product represents the continued learning of four student developers.

The front-end was designed to be easy for end users to navigate. The placement of components on the homepage and user dashboard is meant to allow for easy visual flow of information.

![](image.png)
A wireframe image of the desktop version of the login page.

<img src="">
  
## Contributing
  
Any developer interested in collaborating on BUCKET is welcome to contact us via GitHub. Our personal links are posted below.
  
## Testing
  
There are no tests associated with the project.
  
## Questions
  
BUCKET is a constant collaboration between four dedicated developers. If you have any questions, you can find us on our GitHub pages.
Rachel is [here](https://www.github.com/rgregg2014). James is [here](https://github.com/Dobbs96). Claudia is [here](https://github.com/csalhab). Stephanie is [here](https://github.com/sblanchard10).

Commit message:

updated README, added modal functionality on home

README.md, after:

# BUCKET

## Description

BUCKET is a social media app for dreamers and do-ers to share what's on their bucket list. Users can login to post and share the experiences they've always wanted to have and get feedback from others who share their aspirations.

## License

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red">
  
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
  
For more information on this license, please visit [their website](https://www.mit.edu/~amini/LICENSE.md).
  
  
## Table of Contents
  
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Development](#development)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Questions](#questions)
  
## Installation
  
While BUCKET is available as a deployed app, you can also clone down the code to use it on your own local host. Please make sure you have Node.js installed to run `npm init` and `npm i` to install necessary dependencies. Make sure to add in your own .env file with your own MySQL login information. From there, run `npm start` from your terminal to start up the server and database.
  
## Usage
  
The deployed version of the page is supported on [Heroku](https://aspirational-bucket.herokuapp.com/). Sign up and start sharing your goals with other dreamers!

## Development

BUCKET is the submission for the second major project of the Columbia Engineering Coding Bootcamp from the summer of 2021. It is a full-stack application folding in concepts from all previous units; from front-end development and design, to MySQL and database handling, to express-session and authentication. The final product represents the continued learning of four student developers.

The front-end was designed to be easy for end users to navigate. The placement of components on the homepage and user dashboard is meant to allow for easy visual flow of information.

![A wireframe image of the desktop version of the home page.](Bucket_Images/wireframes/home_login.png)

- A wireframe image of the desktop version of the home page.

![A wireframe image of the desktop version of the dashboard page.](Bucket_Images/wireframes/dash_login.png)

- A wireframe image of the desktop version of the dashboard page.

BUCKET is also mobile responsive, with the aid of [Materialize](https://materializecss.com/).

![A wireframe image of the mobile version of the home page.](Bucket_Images/wireframes/mobile_home_login.png)

- A wireframe image of the mobile version of the home page.

![A wireframe image of the mobile version of the dashboard page.](Bucket_Images/wireframes/mobile_dash_login.png)

- A wireframe image of the mobile version of the dashboard page.

The back-end was made with the help of several npm packages: Express, Sequelize, and bcrypt.

## Contributing

Any developer interested in collaborating on BUCKET is welcome to contact us via GitHub. Our personal links are posted below.

## Testing

There are no tests associated with the project.

## Questions

BUCKET is a constant collaboration between four dedicated developers. If you have any questions, you can find us on our GitHub pages.

- Rachel is [here](https://www.github.com/rgregg2014).
- James is [here](https://github.com/Dobbs96).
- Claudia is [here](https://github.com/csalhab).
- Stephanie is [here](https://github.com/sblanchard10).
